The Kernel and anything that is linked from outside the project but it is not a 3rd party library.

<p>There are currently 7 files in the project:</p>

<ul>
<li>micrOS_Power_Management.h -> Contains all it takes to put the Arduino to sleep, shut down CPU, grab battery percentage or voltage. It is imported and used into the kernel.</li>
<li>micrOS_Storage.h -> Contains variables and calls/parameters used in order to access the MicroSD card, to understand the volume type, partition size, etc. Imported into the kernel and used there.</li>
<li>micrOS_Kernel.h -> The kernel itself. It is a huge blob containing all the functions that build the GUI at runtime. It also contains the kernel bootloader (not the Arduino one). It is so small I decided to make it part of the kern. The Bootloader is composed out of 3 relatively big functions. One of them is for initial checks. It will check the "debug" flag and see if it contains a specific value and it will check the Kernel_FUSE (#defined at compile time) to see if it is DEVELOPMENT. If it is, you will see the Verbose Boot (text boot) instead of the normal Graphical boot with a progress bar, and Serial will be enabled. Also, when you touch the screen, it will print via serial the X and Y of your touch and if you start a program it will print to serial "Starting program XXYY". The function happening during boot are for checking. The bootloader will check if the MicroSD card is mounted, its partitions, will check to ensure it is running on an Arduino Mega, will check the status of the EEPROM, grab anything saved in the EEPROM that might be required, etc then it will call the function that builds your desktop which is also part of the kernel. That one uses the other kernel components to draw icons, check time, check battery level, and whatnot.</li>
<li>micrOS_Graphics.h -> Maybe one of the most important files. It contains all the icons used on the system in C++ data array format. It is imported into the kernel and then used on all apps and parts that require an icon from there. It is the Icon Cache of the OS.</li>
<li>micrOS_Colors.h -> Just a header file containing #define for each color so that you can write RED in the code and not 0xF800. It allows you to use human-readable colors in the code. It is imported into the kernel, and it is heavily used.
<li>micrOS_LCD.h Contains the definitions for LCD_RST, LCD_CS, LCD_RS, LCD_RD, etc. and a suite of functions for testing purposes. One can call these to check for dead pixels, to check display's capabilities (rotation, text color, inversion, text size, animation, etc.)</li>
<li>micrOS.ino -> The Arduino project file gluing them together, it calls the bootloader (not the Arduino bootloader) function from setup(), and then monitors the touches to the screen via loop().</li>
</ul>
